Boss, you can give this quota to someone else.
I don't want why
Do you dislike me? You shouldn't be eyeing my position, right?
How is it possible boss
Just kidding again
You are kidding me
Tell me what you think.
I just think I'm too young now.
Not qualified enough
Scared me to death
I thought you were mad at me for what happened before
How is that possible?
I forgot.
Forget it
Let's talk about it
I think your qualifications are sufficient
Over the years, you have been dedicated and your performance has always been the first
I'm sorry I didn't give you this spot. You are the boss.
I still want to stay in my current position for a few more years
I'm going to be a senior partner now
To be distracted by many things
My experience I can't handle
I don't want to deal with it either
And you might as well let me do some practical work in a down-to-earth manner
Ask the boss to fulfill
This is troublesome
Who should it be given to?
By the way, Xiaoxia
Look at who is higher in this comprehensive evaluation score?
Well, in addition to the sugar rate, the lake rate has the highest score, so give Hu medicine, thank you boss
Wait. Hmm.
What's the matter, boss, is there anything else, Xiaoxia?
You go first
Are you in love with Xiao Zhang?
OK
What's the matter, Xiao Zhang, this guy has a good personality
The quality is even worse. To be honest, I like it too.
But aren't you a little too young? You fight divorce cases every day now.
You know this better than me
Boss, I understand
Do you think he dares?
I didn't say
I didn't say anything.
I'm going out, boss